# Psalms 76
#MDBible
[[Ps_75|← Psalms 75]] | [[Psalms]]

***


###### 1 
In Judah God is known; his name is great in Israel. 

###### 2 
His abode has been established in Salem, his dwelling place in Zion. 

###### 3 
There he broke the flashing arrows, the shield, the sword, and the weapons of war. Selah 

###### 4 
Glorious are you, more majestic than the mountains full of prey. 

###### 5 
The stouthearted were stripped of their spoil; they sank into sleep; all the men of war were unable to use their hands. 

###### 6 
At your rebuke, O God of Jacob, both rider and horse lay stunned. 

###### 7 
But you, you are to be feared! Who can stand before you when once your anger is roused? 

###### 8 
From the heavens you uttered judgment; the earth feared and was still, 

###### 9 
when God arose to establish judgment, to save all the humble of the earth. Selah 

###### 10 
Surely the wrath of man shall praise you; the remnant of wrath you will put on like a belt. 

###### 11 
Make your vows to the LORD your God and perform them; let all around him bring gifts to him who is to be feared, 

###### 12 
who cuts off the spirit of princes, who is to be feared by the kings of the earth. ## About ## Help ## Our Network ## Social ## Preferences By submitting your email address, you understand that you will receive email communications from Bible Gateway, a division of The Zondervan Corporation, 3900 Sparks Drive SE, Grand Rapids, MI 49546 USA, including commercial communications and messages from partners of Bible Gateway. You may unsubscribe from Bible Gateway&rsquo;s emails at any time. If you have any questions, please review our [Privacy Policy] or email us at [privacy@biblegateway.com]. ## Preferences

***

[[Ps_75|← Psalms 75]] | [[Psalms]]
