# Psalms 110
#MDBible
[[Ps_109|← Psalms 109]] | [[Psalms]] | [[Ps_111|Psalms 111 →]]

***




###### 1 

The LORD says to my Lord: "Sit at my right hand, until I make your enemies your footstool." 



###### 2 

The LORD sends forth from Zion your mighty scepter. Rule in the midst of your enemies! 



###### 3 

Your people will offer themselves freely on the day of your power, in holy garments; from the womb of the morning, the dew of your youth will be yours. 



###### 4 

The LORD has sworn and will not change his mind, "You are a priest forever after the order of Melchizedek." 



###### 5 

The Lord is at your right hand; he will shatter kings on the day of his wrath. 



###### 6 

He will execute judgment among the nations, filling them with corpses; he will shatter chiefs over the wide earth. 



###### 7 

He will drink from the brook by the way; therefore he will lift up his head. ## About ## Help ## Our Network ## Social ## Preferences By submitting your email address, you understand that you will receive email communications from Bible Gateway, a division of The Zondervan Corporation, 3900 Sparks Drive SE, Grand Rapids, MI 49546 USA, including commercial communications and messages from partners of Bible Gateway. You may unsubscribe from Bible Gateway&rsquo;s emails at any time. If you have any questions, please review our [Privacy Policy] or email us at [privacy@biblegateway.com]. ## Preferences

***

[[Ps_109|← Psalms 109]] | [[Psalms]] | [[Ps_111|Psalms 111 →]]
