# Psalms 111
#MDBible
[[Ps_110|← Psalms 110]] | [[Psalms]] | [[Ps_112|Psalms 112 →]]

***




###### 1 

Praise the LORD! I will give thanks to the LORD with my whole heart, in the company of the upright, in the congregation. 



###### 2 

Great are the works of the LORD, studied by all who delight in them. 



###### 3 

Full of splendor and majesty is his work, and his righteousness endures forever. 



###### 4 

He has caused his wondrous works to be remembered; the LORD is gracious and merciful. 



###### 5 

He provides food for those who fear him; he remembers his covenant forever. 



###### 6 

He has shown his people the power of his works, in giving them the inheritance of the nations. 



###### 7 

The works of his hands are faithful and just; all his precepts are trustworthy; 



###### 8 

they are established forever and ever, to be performed with faithfulness and uprightness. 



###### 9 

He sent redemption to his people; he has commanded his covenant forever. Holy and awesome is his name! 



###### 10 

The fear of the LORD is the beginning of wisdom; all those who practice it have a good understanding. His praise endures forever! ## About ## Help ## Our Network ## Social ## Preferences By submitting your email address, you understand that you will receive email communications from Bible Gateway, a division of The Zondervan Corporation, 3900 Sparks Drive SE, Grand Rapids, MI 49546 USA, including commercial communications and messages from partners of Bible Gateway. You may unsubscribe from Bible Gateway&rsquo;s emails at any time. If you have any questions, please review our [Privacy Policy] or email us at [privacy@biblegateway.com]. ## Preferences

***

[[Ps_110|← Psalms 110]] | [[Psalms]] | [[Ps_112|Psalms 112 →]]
