# Psalms 145
#MDBible
[[Ps_144|← Psalms 144]] | [[Psalms]] | [[Ps_146|Psalms 146 →]]

***




###### 1 

I will extol you, my God and King, and bless your name forever and ever. 



###### 2 

Every day I will bless you and praise your name forever and ever. 



###### 3 

Great is the LORD, and greatly to be praised, and his greatness is unsearchable. 



###### 4 

One generation shall commend your works to another, and shall declare your mighty acts. 



###### 5 

On the glorious splendor of your majesty, and on your wondrous works, I will meditate. 



###### 6 

They shall speak of the might of your awesome deeds, and I will declare your greatness. 



###### 7 

They shall pour forth the fame of your abundant goodness and shall sing aloud of your righteousness. 



###### 8 

The LORD is gracious and merciful, slow to anger and abounding in steadfast love. 



###### 9 

The LORD is good to all, and his mercy is over all that he has made. 



###### 10 

All your works shall give thanks to you, O LORD, and all your saints shall bless you! 



###### 11 

They shall speak of the glory of your kingdom and tell of your power, 



###### 12 

to make known to the children of man your mighty deeds, and the glorious splendor of your kingdom. 



###### 13 

Your kingdom is an everlasting kingdom, and your dominion endures throughout all generations. [The LORD is faithful in all his words and kind in all his works.] 



###### 14 

The LORD upholds all who are falling and raises up all who are bowed down. 



###### 15 

The eyes of all look to you, and you give them their food in due season. 



###### 16 

You open your hand; you satisfy the desire of every living thing. 



###### 17 

The LORD is righteous in all his ways and kind in all his works. 



###### 18 

The LORD is near to all who call on him, to all who call on him in truth. 



###### 19 

He fulfills the desire of those who fear him; he also hears their cry and saves them. 



###### 20 

The LORD preserves all who love him, but all the wicked he will destroy. 



###### 21 

My mouth will speak the praise of the LORD, and let all flesh bless his holy name forever and ever. ## About ## Help ## Our Network ## Social ## Preferences By submitting your email address, you understand that you will receive email communications from Bible Gateway, a division of The Zondervan Corporation, 3900 Sparks Drive SE, Grand Rapids, MI 49546 USA, including commercial communications and messages from partners of Bible Gateway. You may unsubscribe from Bible Gateway&rsquo;s emails at any time. If you have any questions, please review our [Privacy Policy] or email us at [privacy@biblegateway.com]. ## Preferences

***

[[Ps_144|← Psalms 144]] | [[Psalms]] | [[Ps_146|Psalms 146 →]]
