# Psalms 135
#MDBible
[[Ps_134|← Psalms 134]] | [[Psalms]] | [[Ps_136|Psalms 136 →]]

***




###### 1 

Praise the LORD! Praise the name of the LORD, give praise, O servants of the LORD, 



###### 2 

who stand in the house of the LORD, in the courts of the house of our God! 



###### 3 

Praise the LORD, for the LORD is good; sing to his name, for it is pleasant! 



###### 4 

For the LORD has chosen Jacob for himself, Israel as his own possession. 



###### 5 

For I know that the LORD is great, and that our Lord is above all gods. 



###### 6 

Whatever the LORD pleases, he does, in heaven and on earth, in the seas and all deeps. 



###### 7 

He it is who makes the clouds rise at the end of the earth, who makes lightnings for the rain and brings forth the wind from his storehouses. 



###### 8 

He it was who struck down the firstborn of Egypt, both of man and of beast; 



###### 9 

who in your midst, O Egypt, sent signs and wonders against Pharaoh and all his servants; 



###### 10 

who struck down many nations and killed mighty kings, 



###### 11 

Sihon, king of the Amorites, and Og, king of Bashan, and all the kingdoms of Canaan, 



###### 12 

and gave their land as a heritage, a heritage to his people Israel. 



###### 13 

Your name, O LORD, endures forever, your renown, O LORD, throughout all ages. 



###### 14 

For the LORD will vindicate his people and have compassion on his servants. 



###### 15 

The idols of the nations are silver and gold, the work of human hands. 



###### 16 

They have mouths, but do not speak; they have eyes, but do not see; 



###### 17 

they have ears, but do not hear, nor is there any breath in their mouths. 



###### 18 

Those who make them become like them, so do all who trust in them. 



###### 19 

O house of Israel, bless the LORD! O house of Aaron, bless the LORD! 



###### 20 

O house of Levi, bless the LORD! You who fear the LORD, bless the LORD! 



###### 21 

Blessed be the LORD from Zion, he who dwells in Jerusalem! Praise the LORD! ## About ## Help ## Our Network ## Social ## Preferences By submitting your email address, you understand that you will receive email communications from Bible Gateway, a division of The Zondervan Corporation, 3900 Sparks Drive SE, Grand Rapids, MI 49546 USA, including commercial communications and messages from partners of Bible Gateway. You may unsubscribe from Bible Gateway&rsquo;s emails at any time. If you have any questions, please review our [Privacy Policy] or email us at [privacy@biblegateway.com]. ## Preferences

***

[[Ps_134|← Psalms 134]] | [[Psalms]] | [[Ps_136|Psalms 136 →]]
