# Psalms 14
#MDBible
[[Ps_13|← Psalms 13]] | [[Psalms]] | [[Ps_15|Psalms 15 →]]

***






###### 1 


The fool says in his heart, "There is no God." They are corrupt, they do abominable deeds; there is none who does good. 





###### 2 


The LORD looks down from heaven on the children of man, to see if there are any who understand, who seek after God. 





###### 3 


They have all turned aside; together they have become corrupt; there is none who does good, not even one. 





###### 4 


Have they no knowledge, all the evildoers who eat up my people as they eat bread and do not call upon the LORD? 





###### 5 


There they are in great terror, for God is with the generation of the righteous. 





###### 6 


You would shame the plans of the poor, but the LORD is his refuge. 





###### 7 


Oh, that salvation for Israel would come out of Zion! When the LORD restores the fortunes of his people, let Jacob rejoice, let Israel be glad. ## About ## Help ## Our Network ## Social ## Preferences By submitting your email address, you understand that you will receive email communications from Bible Gateway, a division of The Zondervan Corporation, 3900 Sparks Drive SE, Grand Rapids, MI 49546 USA, including commercial communications and messages from partners of Bible Gateway. You may unsubscribe from Bible Gateway&rsquo;s emails at any time. If you have any questions, please review our [Privacy Policy] or email us at [privacy@biblegateway.com]. ## Preferences

***

[[Ps_13|← Psalms 13]] | [[Psalms]] | [[Ps_15|Psalms 15 →]]
