# Psalms 20
#MDBible
[[Ps_19|← Psalms 19]] | [[Psalms]]

***






###### 1 


May the LORD answer you in the day of trouble! May the name of the God of Jacob protect you! 





###### 2 


May he send you help from the sanctuary and give you support from Zion! 





###### 3 


May he remember all your offerings and regard with favor your burnt sacrifices! Selah 





###### 4 


May he grant you your heart's desire and fulfill all your plans! 





###### 5 


May we shout for joy over your salvation, and in the name of our God set up our banners! May the LORD fulfill all your petitions! 





###### 6 


Now I know that the LORD saves his anointed; he will answer him from his holy heaven with the saving might of his right hand. 





###### 7 


Some trust in chariots and some in horses, but we trust in the name of the LORD our God. 





###### 8 


They collapse and fall, but we rise and stand upright. 





###### 9 


O LORD, save the king! May he answer us when we call. ## About ## Help ## Our Network ## Social ## Preferences By submitting your email address, you understand that you will receive email communications from Bible Gateway, a division of The Zondervan Corporation, 3900 Sparks Drive SE, Grand Rapids, MI 49546 USA, including commercial communications and messages from partners of Bible Gateway. You may unsubscribe from Bible Gateway&rsquo;s emails at any time. If you have any questions, please review our [Privacy Policy] or email us at [privacy@biblegateway.com]. ## Preferences

***

[[Ps_19|← Psalms 19]] | [[Psalms]]
