# Psalms 28
#MDBible
[[Ps_27|← Psalms 27]] | [[Psalms]]

***






###### 1 


To you, O LORD, I call; my rock, be not deaf to me, lest, if you be silent to me, I become like those who go down to the pit. 





###### 2 


Hear the voice of my pleas for mercy, when I cry to you for help, when I lift up my hands toward your most holy sanctuary. 





###### 3 


Do not drag me off with the wicked, with the workers of evil, who speak peace with their neighbors while evil is in their hearts. 





###### 4 


Give to them according to their work and according to the evil of their deeds; give to them according to the work of their hands; render them their due reward. 





###### 5 


Because they do not regard the works of the LORD or the work of his hands, he will tear them down and build them up no more. 





###### 6 


Blessed be the LORD! For he has heard the voice of my pleas for mercy. 





###### 7 


The LORD is my strength and my shield; in him my heart trusts, and I am helped; my heart exults, and with my song I give thanks to him. 





###### 8 


The LORD is the strength of his people; he is the saving refuge of his anointed. 





###### 9 


Oh, save your people and bless your heritage! Be their shepherd and carry them forever. ## About ## Help ## Our Network ## Social ## Preferences By submitting your email address, you understand that you will receive email communications from Bible Gateway, a division of The Zondervan Corporation, 3900 Sparks Drive SE, Grand Rapids, MI 49546 USA, including commercial communications and messages from partners of Bible Gateway. You may unsubscribe from Bible Gateway&rsquo;s emails at any time. If you have any questions, please review our [Privacy Policy] or email us at [privacy@biblegateway.com]. ## Preferences

***

[[Ps_27|← Psalms 27]] | [[Psalms]]
