# Psalms 24
#MDBible
[[Ps_23|← Psalms 23]] | [[Psalms]]

***






###### 1 


The earth is the LORD's and the fullness thereof, the world and those who dwell therein, 





###### 2 


for he has founded it upon the seas and established it upon the rivers. 





###### 3 


Who shall ascend the hill of the LORD? And who shall stand in his holy place? 





###### 4 


He who has clean hands and a pure heart, who does not lift up his soul to what is false and does not swear deceitfully. 





###### 5 


He will receive blessing from the LORD and righteousness from the God of his salvation. 





###### 6 


Such is the generation of those who seek him, who seek the face of the God of Jacob. Selah 





###### 7 


Lift up your heads, O gates! And be lifted up, O ancient doors, that the King of glory may come in. 





###### 8 


Who is this King of glory? The LORD, strong and mighty, the LORD, mighty in battle! 





###### 9 


Lift up your heads, O gates! And lift them up, O ancient doors, that the King of glory may come in. 





###### 10 


Who is this King of glory? The LORD of hosts, he is the King of glory! Selah ## About ## Help ## Our Network ## Social ## Preferences By submitting your email address, you understand that you will receive email communications from Bible Gateway, a division of The Zondervan Corporation, 3900 Sparks Drive SE, Grand Rapids, MI 49546 USA, including commercial communications and messages from partners of Bible Gateway. You may unsubscribe from Bible Gateway&rsquo;s emails at any time. If you have any questions, please review our [Privacy Policy] or email us at [privacy@biblegateway.com]. ## Preferences

***

[[Ps_23|← Psalms 23]] | [[Psalms]]
