# Psalms 36
#MDBible
[[Ps_35|← Psalms 35]] | [[Psalms]]

***






###### 1 


Transgression speaks to the wicked deep in his heart; there is no fear of God before his eyes. 





###### 2 


For he flatters himself in his own eyes that his iniquity cannot be found out and hated. 





###### 3 


The words of his mouth are trouble and deceit; he has ceased to act wisely and do good. 





###### 4 


He plots trouble while on his bed; he sets himself in a way that is not good; he does not reject evil. 





###### 5 


Your steadfast love, O LORD, extends to the heavens, your faithfulness to the clouds. 





###### 6 


Your righteousness is like the mountains of God; your judgments are like the great deep; man and beast you save, O LORD. 





###### 7 


How precious is your steadfast love, O God! The children of mankind take refuge in the shadow of your wings. 





###### 8 


They feast on the abundance of your house, and you give them drink from the river of your delights. 





###### 9 


For with you is the fountain of life; in your light do we see light. 





###### 10 


Oh, continue your steadfast love to those who know you, and your righteousness to the upright of heart! 





###### 11 


Let not the foot of arrogance come upon me, nor the hand of the wicked drive me away. 





###### 12 


There the evildoers lie fallen; they are thrust down, unable to rise. ## About ## Help ## Our Network ## Social ## Preferences By submitting your email address, you understand that you will receive email communications from Bible Gateway, a division of The Zondervan Corporation, 3900 Sparks Drive SE, Grand Rapids, MI 49546 USA, including commercial communications and messages from partners of Bible Gateway. You may unsubscribe from Bible Gateway&rsquo;s emails at any time. If you have any questions, please review our [Privacy Policy] or email us at [privacy@biblegateway.com]. ## Preferences

***

[[Ps_35|← Psalms 35]] | [[Psalms]]
