# Psalms 30
#MDBible
[[Ps_29|← Psalms 29]] | [[Psalms]]

***






###### 1 


I will extol you, O LORD, for you have drawn me up and have not let my foes rejoice over me. 





###### 2 


O LORD my God, I cried to you for help, and you have healed me. 





###### 3 


O LORD, you have brought up my soul from Sheol; you restored me to life from among those who go down to the pit. 





###### 4 


Sing praises to the LORD, O you his saints, and give thanks to his holy name. 





###### 5 


For his anger is but for a moment, and his favor is for a lifetime. Weeping may tarry for the night, but joy comes with the morning. 





###### 6 


As for me, I said in my prosperity, "I shall never be moved." 





###### 7 


By your favor, O LORD, you made my mountain stand strong; you hid your face; I was dismayed. 





###### 8 


To you, O LORD, I cry, and to the Lord I plead for mercy: 





###### 9 


"What profit is there in my death, if I go down to the pit? Will the dust praise you? Will it tell of your faithfulness? 





###### 10 


Hear, O LORD, and be merciful to me! O LORD, be my helper!" 





###### 11 


You have turned for me my mourning into dancing; you have loosed my sackcloth and clothed me with gladness, 





###### 12 


that my glory may sing your praise and not be silent. O LORD my God, I will give thanks to you forever! ## About ## Help ## Our Network ## Social ## Preferences By submitting your email address, you understand that you will receive email communications from Bible Gateway, a division of The Zondervan Corporation, 3900 Sparks Drive SE, Grand Rapids, MI 49546 USA, including commercial communications and messages from partners of Bible Gateway. You may unsubscribe from Bible Gateway&rsquo;s emails at any time. If you have any questions, please review our [Privacy Policy] or email us at [privacy@biblegateway.com]. ## Preferences

***

[[Ps_29|← Psalms 29]] | [[Psalms]]
