# Psalms 48
#MDBible
[[Ps_47|← Psalms 47]] | [[Psalms]]

***






###### 1 


Great is the LORD and greatly to be praised in the city of our God! His holy mountain, <sup class="versenum mid-line">2</sup>beautiful in elevation, is the joy of all the earth, Mount Zion, in the far north, the city of the great King. 





###### 3 


Within her citadels God has made himself known as a fortress. 





###### 4 


For behold, the kings assembled; they came on together. 





###### 5 


As soon as they saw it, they were astounded; they were in panic; they took to flight. 





###### 6 


Trembling took hold of them there, anguish as of a woman in labor. 





###### 7 


By the east wind you shattered the ships of Tarshish. 





###### 8 


As we have heard, so have we seen in the city of the LORD of hosts, in the city of our God, which God will establish forever. Selah 





###### 9 


We have thought on your steadfast love, O God, in the midst of your temple. 





###### 10 


As your name, O God, so your praise reaches to the ends of the earth. Your right hand is filled with righteousness. 





###### 11 


Let Mount Zion be glad! Let the daughters of Judah rejoice because of your judgments! 





###### 12 


Walk about Zion, go around her, number her towers, 





###### 13 


consider well her ramparts, go through her citadels, that you may tell the next generation 





###### 14 


that this is God, our God forever and ever. He will guide us forever. ## About ## Help ## Our Network ## Social ## Preferences By submitting your email address, you understand that you will receive email communications from Bible Gateway, a division of The Zondervan Corporation, 3900 Sparks Drive SE, Grand Rapids, MI 49546 USA, including commercial communications and messages from partners of Bible Gateway. You may unsubscribe from Bible Gateway&rsquo;s emails at any time. If you have any questions, please review our [Privacy Policy] or email us at [privacy@biblegateway.com]. ## Preferences

***

[[Ps_47|← Psalms 47]] | [[Psalms]]
