# Psalms 42
#MDBible
[[Ps_41|← Psalms 41]] | [[Psalms]]

***






###### 1 


As a deer pants for flowing streams, so pants my soul for you, O God. 





###### 2 


My soul thirsts for God, for the living God. When shall I come and appear before God? 





###### 3 


My tears have been my food day and night, while they say to me all the day long, "Where is your God?" 





###### 4 


These things I remember, as I pour out my soul: how I would go with the throng and lead them in procession to the house of God with glad shouts and songs of praise, a multitude keeping festival. 





###### 5 


Why are you cast down, O my soul, and why are you in turmoil within me? Hope in God; for I shall again praise him, my salvation <sup class="versenum mid-line">6</sup>and my God. My soul is cast down within me; therefore I remember you from the land of Jordan and of Hermon, from Mount Mizar. 





###### 7 


Deep calls to deep at the roar of your waterfalls; all your breakers and your waves have gone over me. 





###### 8 


By day the LORD commands his steadfast love, and at night his song is with me, a prayer to the God of my life. 





###### 9 


I say to God, my rock: "Why have you forgotten me? Why do I go mourning because of the oppression of the enemy?" 





###### 10 


As with a deadly wound in my bones, my adversaries taunt me, while they say to me all the day long, "Where is your God?" 





###### 11 


Why are you cast down, O my soul, and why are you in turmoil within me? Hope in God; for I shall again praise him, my salvation and my God. ## About ## Help ## Our Network ## Social ## Preferences By submitting your email address, you understand that you will receive email communications from Bible Gateway, a division of The Zondervan Corporation, 3900 Sparks Drive SE, Grand Rapids, MI 49546 USA, including commercial communications and messages from partners of Bible Gateway. You may unsubscribe from Bible Gateway&rsquo;s emails at any time. If you have any questions, please review our [Privacy Policy] or email us at [privacy@biblegateway.com]. ## Preferences

***

[[Ps_41|← Psalms 41]] | [[Psalms]]
