# Psalms 46
#MDBible
[[Ps_45|← Psalms 45]] | [[Psalms]]

***






###### 1 


God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble. 





###### 2 


Therefore we will not fear though the earth gives way, though the mountains be moved into the heart of the sea, 





###### 3 


though its waters roar and foam, though the mountains tremble at its swelling. Selah 





###### 4 


There is a river whose streams make glad the city of God, the holy habitation of the Most High. 





###### 5 


God is in the midst of her; she shall not be moved; God will help her when morning dawns. 





###### 6 


The nations rage, the kingdoms totter; he utters his voice, the earth melts. 





###### 7 


The LORD of hosts is with us; the God of Jacob is our fortress. Selah 





###### 8 


Come, behold the works of the LORD, how he has brought desolations on the earth. 





###### 9 


He makes wars cease to the end of the earth; he breaks the bow and shatters the spear; he burns the chariots with fire. 





###### 10 


"Be still, and know that I am God. I will be exalted among the nations, I will be exalted in the earth!" 





###### 11 


The LORD of hosts is with us; the God of Jacob is our fortress. Selah ## About ## Help ## Our Network ## Social ## Preferences By submitting your email address, you understand that you will receive email communications from Bible Gateway, a division of The Zondervan Corporation, 3900 Sparks Drive SE, Grand Rapids, MI 49546 USA, including commercial communications and messages from partners of Bible Gateway. You may unsubscribe from Bible Gateway&rsquo;s emails at any time. If you have any questions, please review our [Privacy Policy] or email us at [privacy@biblegateway.com]. ## Preferences

***

[[Ps_45|← Psalms 45]] | [[Psalms]]
