# Psalms 58
#MDBible
[[Ps_57|← Psalms 57]] | [[Psalms]]

***






###### 1 


Do you indeed decree what is right, you gods? Do you judge the children of man uprightly? 





###### 2 


No, in your hearts you devise wrongs; your hands deal out violence on earth. 





###### 3 


The wicked are estranged from the womb; they go astray from birth, speaking lies. 





###### 4 


They have venom like the venom of a serpent, like the deaf adder that stops its ear, 





###### 5 


so that it does not hear the voice of charmers or of the cunning enchanter. 





###### 6 


O God, break the teeth in their mouths; tear out the fangs of the young lions, O LORD! 





###### 7 


Let them vanish like water that runs away; when he aims his arrows, let them be blunted. 





###### 8 


Let them be like the snail that dissolves into slime, like the stillborn child who never sees the sun. 





###### 9 


Sooner than your pots can feel the heat of thorns, whether green or ablaze, may he sweep them away! 





###### 10 


The righteous will rejoice when he sees the vengeance; he will bathe his feet in the blood of the wicked. 





###### 11 


Mankind will say, "Surely there is a reward for the righteous; surely there is a God who judges on earth." ## About ## Help ## Our Network ## Social ## Preferences By submitting your email address, you understand that you will receive email communications from Bible Gateway, a division of The Zondervan Corporation, 3900 Sparks Drive SE, Grand Rapids, MI 49546 USA, including commercial communications and messages from partners of Bible Gateway. You may unsubscribe from Bible Gateway&rsquo;s emails at any time. If you have any questions, please review our [Privacy Policy] or email us at [privacy@biblegateway.com]. ## Preferences

***

[[Ps_57|← Psalms 57]] | [[Psalms]]
