# Psalms 99
#MDBible
[[Ps_98|← Psalms 98]] | [[Psalms]]

***






###### 1 


The LORD reigns; let the peoples tremble! He sits enthroned upon the cherubim; let the earth quake! 





###### 2 


The LORD is great in Zion; he is exalted over all the peoples. 





###### 3 


Let them praise your great and awesome name! Holy is he! 





###### 4 


The King in his might loves justice. You have established equity; you have executed justice and righteousness in Jacob. 





###### 5 


Exalt the LORD our God; worship at his footstool! Holy is he! 





###### 6 


Moses and Aaron were among his priests, Samuel also was among those who called upon his name. They called to the LORD, and he answered them. 





###### 7 


In the pillar of the cloud he spoke to them; they kept his testimonies and the statute that he gave them. 





###### 8 


O LORD our God, you answered them; you were a forgiving God to them, but an avenger of their wrongdoings. 





###### 9 


Exalt the LORD our God, and worship at his holy mountain; for the LORD our God is holy! ## About ## Help ## Our Network ## Social ## Preferences By submitting your email address, you understand that you will receive email communications from Bible Gateway, a division of The Zondervan Corporation, 3900 Sparks Drive SE, Grand Rapids, MI 49546 USA, including commercial communications and messages from partners of Bible Gateway. You may unsubscribe from Bible Gateway&rsquo;s emails at any time. If you have any questions, please review our [Privacy Policy] or email us at [privacy@biblegateway.com]. ## Preferences

***

[[Ps_98|← Psalms 98]] | [[Psalms]]
