# Psalms 149
#MDBible
[[Ps_148|← Psalms 148]] | [[Psalms]] | [[Ps_150|Psalms 150 →]]

***


###### 1 
Praise the LORD! Sing to the LORD a new song, his praise in the assembly of the godly! 

###### 2 
Let Israel be glad in his Maker; let the children of Zion rejoice in their King! 

###### 3 
Let them praise his name with dancing, making melody to him with tambourine and lyre! 

###### 4 
For the LORD takes pleasure in his people; he adorns the humble with salvation. 

###### 5 
Let the godly exult in glory; let them sing for joy on their beds. 

###### 6 
Let the high praises of God be in their throats and two-edged swords in their hands, 

###### 7 
to execute vengeance on the nations and punishments on the peoples, 

###### 8 
to bind their kings with chains and their nobles with fetters of iron, 

###### 9 
to execute on them the judgment written! This is honor for all his godly ones. Praise the LORD! ## About ## Help ## Our Network ## Social ## Preferences By submitting your email address, you understand that you will receive email communications from Bible Gateway, a division of The Zondervan Corporation, 3900 Sparks Drive SE, Grand Rapids, MI 49546 USA, including commercial communications and messages from partners of Bible Gateway. You may unsubscribe from Bible Gateway&rsquo;s emails at any time. If you have any questions, please review our [Privacy Policy] or email us at [privacy@biblegateway.com]. ## Preferences

***

[[Ps_148|← Psalms 148]] | [[Psalms]] | [[Ps_150|Psalms 150 →]]
