# Psalms 148
#MDBible
[[Ps_147|← Psalms 147]] | [[Psalms]] | [[Ps_149|Psalms 149 →]]

***


###### 1 
Praise the LORD! Praise the LORD from the heavens; praise him in the heights! 

###### 2 
Praise him, all his angels; praise him, all his hosts! 

###### 3 
Praise him, sun and moon, praise him, all you shining stars! 

###### 4 
Praise him, you highest heavens, and you waters above the heavens! 

###### 5 
Let them praise the name of the LORD! For he commanded and they were created. 

###### 6 
And he established them forever and ever; he gave a decree, and it shall not pass away. 

###### 7 
Praise the LORD from the earth, you great sea creatures and all deeps, 

###### 8 
fire and hail, snow and mist, stormy wind fulfilling his word! 

###### 9 
Mountains and all hills, fruit trees and all cedars! 

###### 10 
Beasts and all livestock, creeping things and flying birds! 

###### 11 
Kings of the earth and all peoples, princes and all rulers of the earth! 

###### 12 
Young men and maidens together, old men and children! 

###### 13 
Let them praise the name of the LORD, for his name alone is exalted; his majesty is above earth and heaven. 

###### 14 
He has raised up a horn for his people, praise for all his saints, for the people of Israel who are near to him. Praise the LORD! ## About ## Help ## Our Network ## Social ## Preferences By submitting your email address, you understand that you will receive email communications from Bible Gateway, a division of The Zondervan Corporation, 3900 Sparks Drive SE, Grand Rapids, MI 49546 USA, including commercial communications and messages from partners of Bible Gateway. You may unsubscribe from Bible Gateway&rsquo;s emails at any time. If you have any questions, please review our [Privacy Policy] or email us at [privacy@biblegateway.com]. ## Preferences

***

[[Ps_147|← Psalms 147]] | [[Psalms]] | [[Ps_149|Psalms 149 →]]
