# Psalms 16
#MDBible
[[Ps_15|← Psalms 15]] | [[Psalms]]

***


###### 1 
Preserve me, O God, for in you I take refuge. 

###### 2 
I say to the LORD, "You are my Lord; I have no good apart from you." 

###### 3 
As for the saints in the land, they are the excellent ones, in whom is all my delight. 

###### 4 
The sorrows of those who run after another god shall multiply; their drink offerings of blood I will not pour out or take their names on my lips. 

###### 5 
The LORD is my chosen portion and my cup; you hold my lot. 

###### 6 
The lines have fallen for me in pleasant places; indeed, I have a beautiful inheritance. 

###### 7 
I bless the LORD who gives me counsel; in the night also my heart instructs me. 

###### 8 
I have set the LORD always before me; because he is at my right hand, I shall not be shaken. 

###### 9 
Therefore my heart is glad, and my whole being rejoices; my flesh also dwells secure. 

###### 10 
For you will not abandon my soul to Sheol, or let your holy one see corruption. 

###### 11 
You make known to me the path of life; in your presence there is fullness of joy; at your right hand are pleasures forevermore. ## About ## Help ## Our Network ## Social ## Preferences By submitting your email address, you understand that you will receive email communications from Bible Gateway, a division of The Zondervan Corporation, 3900 Sparks Drive SE, Grand Rapids, MI 49546 USA, including commercial communications and messages from partners of Bible Gateway. You may unsubscribe from Bible Gateway&rsquo;s emails at any time. If you have any questions, please review our [Privacy Policy] or email us at [privacy@biblegateway.com]. ## Preferences

***

[[Ps_15|← Psalms 15]] | [[Psalms]]
