# Psalms 101
#MDBible
[[Ps_100|← Psalms 100]] | [[Psalms]] | [[Ps_102|Psalms 102 →]]

***


###### 1 
I will sing of steadfast love and justice; to you, O LORD, I will make music. 

###### 2 
I will ponder the way that is blameless. Oh when will you come to me? I will walk with integrity of heart within my house; 

###### 3 
I will not set before my eyes anything that is worthless. I hate the work of those who fall away; it shall not cling to me. 

###### 4 
A perverse heart shall be far from me; I will know nothing of evil. 

###### 5 
Whoever slanders his neighbor secretly I will destroy. Whoever has a haughty look and an arrogant heart I will not endure. 

###### 6 
I will look with favor on the faithful in the land, that they may dwell with me; he who walks in the way that is blameless shall minister to me. 

###### 7 
No one who practices deceit shall dwell in my house; no one who utters lies shall continue before my eyes. 

###### 8 
Morning by morning I will destroy all the wicked in the land, cutting off all the evildoers from the city of the LORD. ## About ## Help ## Our Network ## Social ## Preferences By submitting your email address, you understand that you will receive email communications from Bible Gateway, a division of The Zondervan Corporation, 3900 Sparks Drive SE, Grand Rapids, MI 49546 USA, including commercial communications and messages from partners of Bible Gateway. You may unsubscribe from Bible Gateway&rsquo;s emails at any time. If you have any questions, please review our [Privacy Policy] or email us at [privacy@biblegateway.com]. ## Preferences

***

[[Ps_100|← Psalms 100]] | [[Psalms]] | [[Ps_102|Psalms 102 →]]
