# Psalms 138
#MDBible
[[Ps_137|← Psalms 137]] | [[Psalms]] | [[Ps_139|Psalms 139 →]]

***


###### 1 
I give you thanks, O LORD, with my whole heart; before the gods I sing your praise; 

###### 2 
I bow down toward your holy temple and give thanks to your name for your steadfast love and your faithfulness, for you have exalted above all things your name and your word. 

###### 3 
On the day I called, you answered me; my strength of soul you increased. 

###### 4 
All the kings of the earth shall give you thanks, O LORD, for they have heard the words of your mouth, 

###### 5 
and they shall sing of the ways of the LORD, for great is the glory of the LORD. 

###### 6 
For though the LORD is high, he regards the lowly, but the haughty he knows from afar. 

###### 7 
Though I walk in the midst of trouble, you preserve my life; you stretch out your hand against the wrath of my enemies, and your right hand delivers me. 

###### 8 
The LORD will fulfill his purpose for me; your steadfast love, O LORD, endures forever. Do not forsake the work of your hands. ## About ## Help ## Our Network ## Social ## Preferences By submitting your email address, you understand that you will receive email communications from Bible Gateway, a division of The Zondervan Corporation, 3900 Sparks Drive SE, Grand Rapids, MI 49546 USA, including commercial communications and messages from partners of Bible Gateway. You may unsubscribe from Bible Gateway&rsquo;s emails at any time. If you have any questions, please review our [Privacy Policy] or email us at [privacy@biblegateway.com]. ## Preferences

***

[[Ps_137|← Psalms 137]] | [[Psalms]] | [[Ps_139|Psalms 139 →]]
