# Psalms 137
#MDBible
[[Ps_136|← Psalms 136]] | [[Psalms]] | [[Ps_138|Psalms 138 →]]

***


###### 1 
By the waters of Babylon, there we sat down and wept, when we remembered Zion. 

###### 2 
On the willows there we hung up our lyres. 

###### 3 
For there our captors required of us songs, and our tormentors, mirth, saying, "Sing us one of the songs of Zion!" 

###### 4 
How shall we sing the LORD's song in a foreign land? 

###### 5 
If I forget you, O Jerusalem, let my right hand forget its skill! 

###### 6 
Let my tongue stick to the roof of my mouth, if I do not remember you, if I do not set Jerusalem above my highest joy! 

###### 7 
Remember, O LORD, against the Edomites the day of Jerusalem, how they said, "Lay it bare, lay it bare, down to its foundations!" 

###### 8 
O daughter of Babylon, doomed to be destroyed, blessed shall he be who repays you with what you have done to us! 

###### 9 
Blessed shall he be who takes your little ones and dashes them against the rock! ## About ## Help ## Our Network ## Social ## Preferences By submitting your email address, you understand that you will receive email communications from Bible Gateway, a division of The Zondervan Corporation, 3900 Sparks Drive SE, Grand Rapids, MI 49546 USA, including commercial communications and messages from partners of Bible Gateway. You may unsubscribe from Bible Gateway&rsquo;s emails at any time. If you have any questions, please review our [Privacy Policy] or email us at [privacy@biblegateway.com]. ## Preferences

***

[[Ps_136|← Psalms 136]] | [[Psalms]] | [[Ps_138|Psalms 138 →]]
