# Psalms 25
#MDBible
[[Ps_24|← Psalms 24]] | [[Psalms]]

***


###### 1 
To you, O LORD, I lift up my soul. 

###### 2 
O my God, in you I trust; let me not be put to shame; let not my enemies exult over me. 

###### 3 
Indeed, none who wait for you shall be put to shame; they shall be ashamed who are wantonly treacherous. 

###### 4 
Make me to know your ways, O LORD; teach me your paths. 

###### 5 
Lead me in your truth and teach me, for you are the God of my salvation; for you I wait all the day long. 

###### 6 
Remember your mercy, O LORD, and your steadfast love, for they have been from of old. 

###### 7 
Remember not the sins of my youth or my transgressions; according to your steadfast love remember me, for the sake of your goodness, O LORD! 

###### 8 
Good and upright is the LORD; therefore he instructs sinners in the way. 

###### 9 
He leads the humble in what is right, and teaches the humble his way. 

###### 10 
All the paths of the LORD are steadfast love and faithfulness, for those who keep his covenant and his testimonies. 

###### 11 
For your name's sake, O LORD, pardon my guilt, for it is great. 

###### 12 
Who is the man who fears the LORD? Him will he instruct in the way that he should choose. 

###### 13 
His soul shall abide in well-being, and his offspring shall inherit the land. 

###### 14 
The friendship of the LORD is for those who fear him, and he makes known to them his covenant. 

###### 15 
My eyes are ever toward the LORD, for he will pluck my feet out of the net. 

###### 16 
Turn to me and be gracious to me, for I am lonely and afflicted. 

###### 17 
The troubles of my heart are enlarged; bring me out of my distresses. 

###### 18 
Consider my affliction and my trouble, and forgive all my sins. 

###### 19 
Consider how many are my foes, and with what violent hatred they hate me. 

###### 20 
Oh, guard my soul, and deliver me! Let me not be put to shame, for I take refuge in you. 

###### 21 
May integrity and uprightness preserve me, for I wait for you. 

###### 22 
Redeem Israel, O God, out of all his troubles. ## About ## Help ## Our Network ## Social ## Preferences By submitting your email address, you understand that you will receive email communications from Bible Gateway, a division of The Zondervan Corporation, 3900 Sparks Drive SE, Grand Rapids, MI 49546 USA, including commercial communications and messages from partners of Bible Gateway. You may unsubscribe from Bible Gateway&rsquo;s emails at any time. If you have any questions, please review our [Privacy Policy] or email us at [privacy@biblegateway.com]. ## Preferences

***

[[Ps_24|← Psalms 24]] | [[Psalms]]
