# Psalms 52
#MDBible
[[Ps_51|← Psalms 51]] | [[Psalms]]

***


###### 1 
Why do you boast of evil, O mighty man? The steadfast love of God endures all the day. 

###### 2 
Your tongue plots destruction, like a sharp razor, you worker of deceit. 

###### 3 
You love evil more than good, and lying more than speaking what is right. Selah 

###### 4 
You love all words that devour, O deceitful tongue. 

###### 5 
But God will break you down forever; he will snatch and tear you from your tent; he will uproot you from the land of the living. Selah 

###### 6 
The righteous shall see and fear, and shall laugh at him, saying, 

###### 7 
"See the man who would not make God his refuge, but trusted in the abundance of his riches and sought refuge in his own destruction!" 

###### 8 
But I am like a green olive tree in the house of God. I trust in the steadfast love of God forever and ever. 

###### 9 
I will thank you forever, because you have done it. I will wait for your name, for it is good, in the presence of the godly. ## About ## Help ## Our Network ## Social ## Preferences By submitting your email address, you understand that you will receive email communications from Bible Gateway, a division of The Zondervan Corporation, 3900 Sparks Drive SE, Grand Rapids, MI 49546 USA, including commercial communications and messages from partners of Bible Gateway. You may unsubscribe from Bible Gateway&rsquo;s emails at any time. If you have any questions, please review our [Privacy Policy] or email us at [privacy@biblegateway.com]. ## Preferences

***

[[Ps_51|← Psalms 51]] | [[Psalms]]
