# Psalms 63
#MDBible
[[Ps_62|← Psalms 62]] | [[Psalms]]

***


###### 1 
O God, you are my God; earnestly I seek you; my soul thirsts for you; my flesh faints for you, as in a dry and weary land where there is no water. 

###### 2 
So I have looked upon you in the sanctuary, beholding your power and glory. 

###### 3 
Because your steadfast love is better than life, my lips will praise you. 

###### 4 
So I will bless you as long as I live; in your name I will lift up my hands. 

###### 5 
My soul will be satisfied as with fat and rich food, and my mouth will praise you with joyful lips, 

###### 6 
when I remember you upon my bed, and meditate on you in the watches of the night; 

###### 7 
for you have been my help, and in the shadow of your wings I will sing for joy. 

###### 8 
My soul clings to you; your right hand upholds me. 

###### 9 
But those who seek to destroy my life shall go down into the depths of the earth; 

###### 10 
they shall be given over to the power of the sword; they shall be a portion for jackals. 

###### 11 
But the king shall rejoice in God; all who swear by him shall exult, for the mouths of liars will be stopped. ## About ## Help ## Our Network ## Social ## Preferences By submitting your email address, you understand that you will receive email communications from Bible Gateway, a division of The Zondervan Corporation, 3900 Sparks Drive SE, Grand Rapids, MI 49546 USA, including commercial communications and messages from partners of Bible Gateway. You may unsubscribe from Bible Gateway&rsquo;s emails at any time. If you have any questions, please review our [Privacy Policy] or email us at [privacy@biblegateway.com]. ## Preferences

***

[[Ps_62|← Psalms 62]] | [[Psalms]]
