# Psalms 98
#MDBible
[[Ps_97|← Psalms 97]] | [[Psalms]]

***


###### 1 
Oh sing to the LORD a new song, for he has done marvelous things! His right hand and his holy arm have worked salvation for him. 

###### 2 
The LORD has made known his salvation; he has revealed his righteousness in the sight of the nations. 

###### 3 
He has remembered his steadfast love and faithfulness to the house of Israel. All the ends of the earth have seen the salvation of our God. 

###### 4 
Make a joyful noise to the LORD, all the earth; break forth into joyous song and sing praises! 

###### 5 
Sing praises to the LORD with the lyre, with the lyre and the sound of melody! 

###### 6 
With trumpets and the sound of the horn make a joyful noise before the King, the LORD! 

###### 7 
Let the sea roar, and all that fills it; the world and those who dwell in it! 

###### 8 
Let the rivers clap their hands; let the hills sing for joy together 

###### 9 
before the LORD, for he comes to judge the earth. He will judge the world with righteousness, and the peoples with equity. ## About ## Help ## Our Network ## Social ## Preferences By submitting your email address, you understand that you will receive email communications from Bible Gateway, a division of The Zondervan Corporation, 3900 Sparks Drive SE, Grand Rapids, MI 49546 USA, including commercial communications and messages from partners of Bible Gateway. You may unsubscribe from Bible Gateway&rsquo;s emails at any time. If you have any questions, please review our [Privacy Policy] or email us at [privacy@biblegateway.com]. ## Preferences

***

[[Ps_97|← Psalms 97]] | [[Psalms]]
