# Psalms 97
#MDBible
[[Ps_96|← Psalms 96]] | [[Psalms]]

***


###### 1 
The LORD reigns, let the earth rejoice; let the many coastlands be glad! 

###### 2 
Clouds and thick darkness are all around him; righteousness and justice are the foundation of his throne. 

###### 3 
Fire goes before him and burns up his adversaries all around. 

###### 4 
His lightnings light up the world; the earth sees and trembles. 

###### 5 
The mountains melt like wax before the LORD, before the Lord of all the earth. 

###### 6 
The heavens proclaim his righteousness, and all the peoples see his glory. 

###### 7 
All worshipers of images are put to shame, who make their boast in worthless idols; worship him, all you gods! 

###### 8 
Zion hears and is glad, and the daughters of Judah rejoice, because of your judgments, O LORD. 

###### 9 
For you, O LORD, are most high over all the earth; you are exalted far above all gods. 

###### 10 
O you who love the LORD, hate evil! He preserves the lives of his saints; he delivers them from the hand of the wicked. 

###### 11 
Light is sown for the righteous, and joy for the upright in heart. 

###### 12 
Rejoice in the LORD, O you righteous, and give thanks to his holy name! ## About ## Help ## Our Network ## Social ## Preferences By submitting your email address, you understand that you will receive email communications from Bible Gateway, a division of The Zondervan Corporation, 3900 Sparks Drive SE, Grand Rapids, MI 49546 USA, including commercial communications and messages from partners of Bible Gateway. You may unsubscribe from Bible Gateway&rsquo;s emails at any time. If you have any questions, please review our [Privacy Policy] or email us at [privacy@biblegateway.com]. ## Preferences

***

[[Ps_96|← Psalms 96]] | [[Psalms]]
