# Psalms 95
#MDBible
[[Ps_94|← Psalms 94]] | [[Psalms]]

***


###### 1 
Oh come, let us sing to the LORD; let us make a joyful noise to the rock of our salvation! 

###### 2 
Let us come into his presence with thanksgiving; let us make a joyful noise to him with songs of praise! 

###### 3 
For the LORD is a great God, and a great King above all gods. 

###### 4 
In his hand are the depths of the earth; the heights of the mountains are his also. 

###### 5 
The sea is his, for he made it, and his hands formed the dry land. 

###### 6 
Oh come, let us worship and bow down; let us kneel before the LORD, our Maker! 

###### 7 
For he is our God, and we are the people of his pasture, and the sheep of his hand. Today, if you hear his voice, 

###### 8 
do not harden your hearts, as at Meribah, as on the day at Massah in the wilderness, 

###### 9 
when your fathers put me to the test and put me to the proof, though they had seen my work. 

###### 10 
For forty years I loathed that generation and said, "They are a people who go astray in their heart, and they have not known my ways." 

###### 11 
Therefore I swore in my wrath, "They shall not enter my rest." ## About ## Help ## Our Network ## Social ## Preferences By submitting your email address, you understand that you will receive email communications from Bible Gateway, a division of The Zondervan Corporation, 3900 Sparks Drive SE, Grand Rapids, MI 49546 USA, including commercial communications and messages from partners of Bible Gateway. You may unsubscribe from Bible Gateway&rsquo;s emails at any time. If you have any questions, please review our [Privacy Policy] or email us at [privacy@biblegateway.com]. ## Preferences

***

[[Ps_94|← Psalms 94]] | [[Psalms]]
